Upgrade playwright to 1.0.0 (#2383)
Codeception/CodeceptJS: docs/playwright.md

To start you need CodeceptJS with Playwright packages installed

```bash

> npm install codeceptjs playwright@^1.0.1 --save

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install codeceptjs playwright@^1 --save
```

  }
}
```

> To adjust browser settings you can pass [custom options](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/v1.0.1/docs/api.md#browsernewcontextoptions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To adjust browser settings you can pass [custom options](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/master/docs/api.md#browsernewcontextoptions)
```

## Extending

> Playwright has a very [rich and flexible API](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/v1.0.1/docs/api.md). Sure, you can extend your test suites to use the methods listed there. CodeceptJS already prepares some objects for you and you can use them from your you helpers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Playwright has a very [rich and flexible API](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/master/docs/api.md). Sure, you can extend your test suites to use the methods listed there. CodeceptJS already prepares some objects for you and you can use them from your you helpers.
```

}
```

> > [▶ Learn more about BrowserContext](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/v1.0.1/docs/api.md#class-browsercontext)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [▶ Learn more about BrowserContext](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/master/docs/api.md#class-browsercontext)
```
